feat(samples): mcp client with kb (#128)
awslabs/mcp: samples/mcp-integration-with-kb/README.md

# MCP Integration with Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases

This repository outlines a basic implementation of the [Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/) integration with Amazon Bedrock Knowledge Bases

## Overview

There are two parts to this implementation:

1. The `user_interfaces/chat_bedrock_st.py` file, which handles the Streamlit/User Interface for the chatbot
2. The `client_server.py` file, which handles the MCP client and server implementation

The exact MCP server code leveraged can be found in the [src/bedrock-kb-retrieval-mcp-server](../../src/bedrock-kb-retrieval-mcp-server/) folder.

### Architecture

![Architecture](./assets/simplified-mcp-flow-diagram.png)

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- The [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) package manager

> - AWS Account with Bedrock access and proper IAM permissions

Reviewer: Consider a link to the [Getting started with Amazon Bedrock](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/getting-started.html)

- A Bedrock Knowledge Base
  - For a quick reference Knowledge Base setup, check out the [e2e RAG solution via CDK](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-bedrock-samples/tree/main/rag/knowledge-bases/features-examples/04-infrastructure/e2e_rag_using_bedrock_kb_cdk) repo. This will set you up with everything you need - IAM roles, vector storage (either OpenSearch Serverless or Aurora PostgreSQL), and a fully configured Knowledge Base with sample data. The Knowledge Base is the only component you'll really need for this implementation.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository.

```bash

> git clone <INSERT_REPO_URL>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/awslabs/mcp.git
```

```

> 2. Copy the .env.example file to .env and add your AWS credentials.
> 
> ```bash
> cp .env.example .env
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Got the sample directory and copy the .env.example file to .env and add your AWS credentials.

```bash
cd mcp/samples/mcp-integration-with-kb
cp .env.example .env
```
```
